This
is the Cal N.E.H. American English dialect recordings
collection produced with funding from the National Endowment for the
Humanities and the Center for Applied Linguistics. Tape.
Number six side a.
Yeah
yeah
my
friend
I
mean you know
how will
you
do
this
you were scared
of
my last
name
calling that
was only
just about that
big living
bass minimize the mold called
by
the.
Die.
A
bar.
That's
like
that and I call that last.
But Paul.
St Bernard
and
around
a little and guys beat up on me and
jump.
That.
Why
the
hard
work.
Oh
you
mean
a
dog
with
him
there.
The
dog
jumped.
Right hand.
That.
Got a whole lot
better.
I mean.
Cotton candy.
Boy
came.
that
Jimmy.
Holy.
Got
a
group
that.
Check
this
Late
Edition
back
to
the.
To
the
to
set.
The
movie
that
came
with.
That
lady
in
the
lead
up
is
that
right.
To
the.
President.
I
think
the
college
is
going
with
this.
Is.
Obvious
for
the
movie.
Michael.
Him
by
her
side.
Is
a
little too early in
the Scottish.